[Identity] Using service-bus for manual test with MSAL 2.0 (#13308)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/test/manual/README.md

This package contains some simple manual verification for the use of Azure
Identity with other Azure SDK libraries in the browser.  For now, it just tests

> that the `InteractiveBrowserCredential` works with the `@azure/service-bus`

Reviewer: Ran into this..

> `Access to fetch at 'https://login.microsoftonline.com/<tenant-id>/oauth2/v2.0/token' from origin 'http://localhost:8080' has been blocked by CORS policy: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource. If an opaque response serves your needs, set the request's mode to 'no-cors' to fetch the resource with CORS disabled.`

Why don't I run into the same error when I bundling and serving with "parcel"?

Reviewer: So, running with a new AAD application worked fine.
Might be that the older AAD apps are not supported the same way?

Author: They should work too 👍 the app that I have (the one you saw me run this through) is an older one. Can you try again?

Reviewer: It failed again, it is not a blocker of this PR. Based on our discussion offline, we don't know what's causing it.
Let's investigate further once the MSAL people get back to you on the issue.

- Click on the app that you want to use to authenticate.
- Go to the Authentication tab of your AAD application.
- Click on `+ Add a platform`, select `Single-page application`, enter `http://localhost:8080` as the redirect URI, then make sure to include implicit grant for "Access tokens" and "ID tokens".
- Go to the `API permissions` tab of your AAD application. Click on `Add a permission`, then go to `APIs my organization uses` and search for `Microsoft.ServiceBus`, then add this permission.

> - Keep in mind that if you belong to an organization, other restrictions based on the organization configurations might prevent you from authenticating. If These steps don't end up being effective, try again on a personal account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep in mind that if you belong to an organization, other restrictions based on the organization configurations might prevent you from authenticating. If these steps don't end up being effective, try again on a personal account.
```

Grant access to this AAD application to your Service Bus by:

- Creating a Service Bus namespace (if you haven't created one).

> - Either in the "Access policies" section of the creation form, or by going to the Service Bus namespace's "Access policies" page, click con `+ Add Access Policy`, select all permissions, then select your AAD application as the "principal", then click "Add", then click "Save" if applicable.

Reviewer: "Service Bus Data Owner"

> - Either in the "Access policies" section of the creation form, or by going to the Service Bus namespace's "Access policies" page, click con `+ Add Access Policy`, select all permissions, then select your AAD application as the "Service Bus Data Owner", then click "Add", then click "Save" if applicable.

Reviewer: Just checked.. you can't add access policies while creation.. you need to go to the namespace and do it.

Author: Thank you Harsha!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to the Service Bus namespace's "Access control (IAM)" tab, click on `+ Add` > `Add role assignment`, Pick "Service Bus Data Owner" role, and select your AAD application to assign the role, then click "Save".
```

- Click on `+ Add a platform`, select `Single-page application`, enter `http://localhost:8080` as the redirect URI, then make sure to include implicit grant for "Access tokens" and "ID tokens".
- Keep in mind that if you belong to an organization, other restrictions based on the organization configurations might prevent you from authenticating. If These steps don't end up being effective, try again on a personal account.

Grant access to this AAD application to your Service Bus by:

- Creating a Service Bus namespace (if you haven't created one).
- Either in the "Access policies" section of the creation form, or by going to the Service Bus namespace's "Access policies" page, click con `+ Add Access Policy`, select all permissions, then select your AAD application as the "principal", then click "Add", then click "Save" if applicable.

> - Then, in your Service Bus namespace, create a queue named `partitioned-queue`, then go into the queue and repeat the "Access policies" process to add a "principal".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then, in your Service Bus namespace, create a queue named `queue-identity-test`, then go into the queue and repeat the "Access policies" process to add a "principal".
```

> - Then, in your Service Bus namespace, create a queue named `partitioned-queue`, then go into the queue and repeat the "Access policies" process to add a "principal".

Reviewer: > `then go into the queue and repeat the "Access policies" process to add a "principal".`

Why is this needed? (if you have already added the AAD app to the whole namespace in the previous step)

Author: I'll remove it!
